chore: bump to the latest CTA tooling (#1118)
flint-fyi/flint: .github/DEVELOPMENT.md

## Building

> Run [**tsdown**](https://tsdown.dev) locally to build source files from `src/` into output files in `lib/`:

Reviewer: Not yet!~

```suggestion
Run TypeScript's builder mode locally to build source files from `src/` into output files in `lib/`:
```
